France - 

Customs

Laws
It is illegal to carry live snails on a French high-speed train, unless they have a ticket
It is illegal to fly over or land flying saucers in the southern French town of Chateauneuf-du-Pape
Illegal to kiss whilst train is at the platform
It is illegal to have unlimited, self-service ketchup in French school cafeterias
French law requires that 40 percent of the music played on private radio stations must be of French origin
Pig owners can't call their cochons Napoleon
A mayoral decree in the tiny northern French village of Lhéraule obliges a minimum level of politeness in the Town Hall
It is illegal to drink any alcohol at work, except wine, beer, cider, pear cider and a fermented honey drink called hydromel.
It is legal to marry a dead person
It’s legal for French parents to prevent their adult children from getting married
French law allows you to be divorced if you smoke too much or are too interested in football
A woman needs permission from the police to dress like a man
Bins and ashtrays are lethal weapons in Paris
it’s illegal to take photos of police officers or police vehicles, even if they are in the background.
Unless a woman is holding the reigns of a horse or riding a bike, she is not allowed to wear pants!
You cannot wear swim trunks or board shorts in public pools
In ads for products that contain salt or sugar, it’s mandatory to include that you should exercise and eat at least 5 fruits and vegetables a day
In France, if an athlete doesn’t play for the national team he/she can be banned from playing for his/her club.
In France, drivers are legally required to carry a portable Breathalyzer in their vehicle.

Gesture


United Kingdom - 

Customs

Laws
MP’s are not allowed to wear armour in parliament. 
It is illegal to keep a pigsty in front of your house (Unless duly hidden).
It is illegal to erect a washing line across any street.  
It is illegal to sing any profane or obscene song or ballad in any street.
It is illegal to wilfully and wantonly disturb people by ringing their doorbells or knocking at their doors.
It is illegal to order or permit any servant to stand on the sill of any window to clean or paint it.
It is an offence for the keeper of a place of public resort to permit drunkenness in the house.
The Easter Act 1928 provides that, in the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, Easter Day shall be a fixed day in each year, viz. the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April.
Under the Metropolitan Police Act 1839 no person (other than persons acting in obedience to lawful authority) is to discharge any cannon or other firearm of greater calibre than a common fowling-piece within 300 yards of any dwelling house to the annoyance of any inhabitant thereof. Maximum penalty: £200 fine.
An employer cannot give a (subjective) bad reference as this may constitute libel. 
The Metropolitan Streets Act 1867 prohibits the driving or conducting of any cattle through any street between the hours of 10.00 in the morning and 7.00 in the evening
It is illegal to eat Mute Swan unless you’re the Queen of Great Britain
It is illegal to use a television in Britain without a license.
It is an offense to be intoxicated (drunk) and in charge of a cow in Scotland.
Under the terms of the Protection of Wrecks Order 2003: A person shall not enter the hull of the Titanic without permission from the Secretary of State.
Under the terms of the Polish Potatoes (Notification) in England Order – 2004: No person shall, in the course of business, import into England potatoes which he knows to be or has reasonable cause to suspect to be Polish potatoes.
It is apparently an offense to activate your burglar alarm and leave the property if you haven’t nominated a key-holder who can access your house to switch off your siren should it go off. 
Under the terms of a bye-law it is illegal to “Jump” the queue in the tube ticket hall.
All beached whales and sturgeons must be offered to the reigning monarch.
A horn should not be sounded when stationary on a road at anytime, other than at times of danger due to another vehicle on or near the road. 
In London, it is illegal for a person (knowingly) with the plague to flag down a taxi or try and ride on a bus. 
A person shall be guilty of an offence if he uses for trade an automatic rail-weighbridge to which there is affixed a disqualification sticker.
It is illegal for a cab in the City of London to carry rabid dogs or corpses.
It is illegal to avoid telling the tax man anything you do not want him to know, but legal not to tell him information you do not mind him knowing.
It is illegal under the terms of the Prohibition and Inspections Act of 1998 to cause a nuclear explosion.
Asking a stranger for parking change is illegal
Dressing up as an Soldier for a fancy dress party could land you three months in jail. The law states it is an offence to "impersonate the holder of a certificate of service or discharge".
Failing to carry a spare dog poo bag

Gesture









Spain - 

Customs
Lunchtime is usually between 13:00 – 15:30 and dinner is rarely served before 21:00.
Do not get involved in discussions about regionalism.
Do not call a Catalan Spanish.
Do not expect to see Flamenco everywhere.
Don’t expect to see a bullfight in Barcelona or the Canary Islands. 
Do not wander the city streets wearing only swimsuit.
Don’t wear the wrong things.
Don’t ignore local markets.
Don’t drink your hot chocolate.
Don’t pass the salt shaker from hand to hand. According to Spanish tradition, it brings bad luck.
Don’t plan anything important on Tuesday 13.

Laws
There’s a limit to the amount of dogs you can have with you at the same time. If there’s eight or more on your leashes, you’ll likely receive a penalty.
Do not wander the city streets wearing only swimsuit its illegal in seaside cities like Barcelona, Malaga, and Palma de Mallorca, where you can be punished with a €100 – €200 fine.
Seville law states that people cannot hang “indecent” clothes on a line. This obviously includes any underwear and suggestive attire.
Can’t Drive Wearing Sandals
there are some restrictions when it comes to naming children. For example, Mandarina is not acceptable because that is a fruit.
Palma de Mallorca now charges 600 pounds, or $820, for anybody that chooses to be topless in the city center.
Cadiz banned the common tradition of throwing rice after a wedding ceremony for a few reasons. One, some couples got injured by tripping on the rice, and they didn’t want birds flocking into the area.
prostitution is widely legal
Between the times of 3:29 PM and 6:47 PM, people cannot ask one another what time it is.

Gesture
Don’t pass the salt shaker from hand to hand. According to Spanish tradition, it brings bad luck.






Italy - 

Customs

Laws
It is illegal to die in the Italian village of Falciano del Massico, as issued by the mayor
It is illegal to practice the profession of charlantry.
A man may be arrested for wearing a skirt.
Striking someone with a fist is considered a felony.
men are not allowed to touch their own genitals in public.
In Italy, although it may not technically be illegal to bathe or swim in public fountains, you’ll pay a hefty fine for doing so.
In Milan, a city law requires locals to constantly be smiling or risk being fined.
In Eboli, lovers can be fined as much as €500 for getting their groove on in a car.
In Rome, the keeping of goldfish as pets was declared cruel in 2005 and goldfish bowls were banned.
In Lucca, it’s illegal to feed the pigeons in the city center.
Also in Lucca law forbids the opening of kebab shops in the historic center.
In Turin, dog owners can be fined heavily unless they walk their dogs at least three times a day. 
In Eraclea, it’s illegal to build sandcastles on the beach.
In Lerici, it’s illegal to hang a towel out of a window to dry it.
In Rome, groups of three people or more are not allowed to sing, drink, dance, or eat in the streets of the city, lest they want to face a €500 fine. 
In Rome, it’s illegal to eat or drink anywhere outdoors in the historic center.
In Novara, it’s illegal for groups of any more than two people to hang out in parks after dark.
Capri the island has outlawed noisy footwear.
If you intend to drive with a corpse on board, please ensure it has health insurance, otherwise you could be fined up to €3,098.
In Sirolo, a small town on the Adriatic Coast in Italy’s Marche region, it is banned to save a space at the beach using your towel.
It is illegal to die in Falciano del Massico. 
Despite it being illegal for men to grab their crotches, it is not illegal for a man to pinch a woman’s bottom.
In Florence you can be fined for eating or drinking on the steps of a church.

Gesture


Germany - 

Customs

Laws
It is illegal to build an office without a view of the sky.
It is an offence punishable with a fine and points on your licence to run out of petrol on a motorway.
A "quiet time" is observed between noon and 3pm when it is forbidden to mow the lawn, wash cars, play loud music or hammer nails.
It is forbidden to hand washing out on Sunday.
A pillow is classified as a "passive weapon" and hitting someone with one can lead to charges of assault.
It is illegal to wear a mask while on strike.
It is illegal to tune pianos at midnight.
You can be fined 20 euros for calling someone an "arse" but 5,000 euros for calling an official a "little Hitler".
It is against the law to deny a chimney sweep access to your home if he demands it.
It is illegal to have the ashes of your loved one stored in an urn at home after cremation.
Running out of fuel on the autobahn is illegal
Addressing a policeman in 2nd person singular can be cause for a fine of up to 600 euros. 
Drunk cycling is illegal
The German government can reject baby names
Public colleges are free
Prison break is not a crime
Skipping school is strictly forbidden


Gesture









Austria - 

Customs

Laws
You can be fined and/or booted off a train if you are making out or eating something considered too smelly.

Gesture







Poland - 

Customs
Marzanna is the Polish name for a Slavic goddess associated with death, winter and nature. Even though pagan religion was theoretically eradicated from Poland in the early 11th century,  Marzanna is still alive thanks to a popular ritual. Every year, on the first day of spring, people would make an effigy, set it on fire, and then drown it in a river. The aim of the ritual is to chase off winter and encourage nature to revive.
Oczepiny – Racy wedding games
Poprawiny – Having a second wedding party after the first
Christmas – straw under the tablecloth, and an extra plate for an unexpected guest
Śmigus Dyngus – Pouring buckets of water on strangers
Kanapki – Sliced bread instead of sandwiches
Foraging – Picking (and eating) mushrooms in the forest
Respect - women are highly respected and treated like ladies.


Laws
You Can Be Fined For Crossing The Street On A Red Light
Stamp your bus/tram ticket
Only cross roads at marked pedestrian crossings, or face a 500zł fine.
It is illegal to drink alcohol in a public place.
Public drunkenness is illegal
Drinking and driving The legal blood-alcohol level for driving in Poland is ZERO. 
brothels are completely illegal.

Gesture






Russia - 

Customs
There is no word for "fun" in Russian.
There is no word for "privacy" in Russian.
You can find McDonalds McShrimp only in Russia.
Moscow's uber-rich sometimes drive in ambulances so they can go around traffic.
Recently, some Russian restaurants have stopped using the word "borscht" — instead opting to say "beet root soup" — because the word "borscht" is Ukrainian.
Before heading out on a journey, they say "Присядем на дорожку," which means "let's sit down for the road."
One odd Russian superstition is to avoid whistling indoors.
Legend has it that Russians chose Christianity over Islam back in 988 AD in part because they didn't want to give up alcohol.
Russians celebrate Christmas on Jan. 7 because they follow the Julian calendar. As a result, New Year's precedes Christmas for them.
Russians like NYE so much they celebrate it twice: "Old New Year's" takes place Jan. 13-14.
It's bad luck to return to your house after you already left.
In Russia, there are 1,159 women for every 1,000 men.
Russians don't put eyes on smileys when typing.
One super-popular Russian meal — called "holodets" — contains meat suspended in salted gelatin.
Russians use the same word to say "get healthier" and "get fatter."
75% of Russian territory is located in Asia.
Russians hang their rugs on walls.
Russian doesn't need a subject and a verb to complete a sentence.
Russians pick mushrooms for fun.
Russians eat their pancakes with sour cream and caviar.

Laws
a law came into force that bans the use of profanity in theaters, film and other cultural events. Offenders will face fines.
Russian bloggers are forbidden to use profanity. Offenders will face fines.
President Barack Obama is banned from entering Chechnya.
Russia enacted an anti-gay law, which purportedly was to prevent distribution of “non-traditional sexual relationships” ideas among minors.
It is illegal to drive a dirty car in the city of Chelyabinsk. Driving a dirty car can get you fined up to 2000 rubles (about $62).
Sale, import and production of lace panties is prohibited.


Gesture


Turkey - 

Customs

Laws
In Turkey, it is illegal to become a pilot if you’re older than 80.
Stealing unripe olives is illegal
Its against the law to fall in love with a neighbors son, daughter, wife, servant, or any of his animals.
All married woman must get their husbands permission if they wish to have a job
All married woman must live where their husband resides
All married woman must forfeit all jointly held assets upon divorce

Gesture


Greece - 

Customs
Grandmother never moves out
blue wards off evil
when marrying The man has to ask for the hand of the woman from her father and close family, while the two families give presents to bride and groom. The couple exchanges wedding rings that are worn on the left hand. After the wedding, these rings will be worn on the right hand. In Greece, the engagement period may last for years.
Clean Monday or Lent Monday is the first day of the Lent (Saracosti) during which families go for a picnic in the countryside and fly kites.
it is believed that spitting chases the devil and the misfortune away.
If someone sees black cat, this is supposed to be bad luck for the rest of the day.
If a glass or mirror breaks, it is believed to be bad luck for seven years.
Unlike the western belief, in Greece the unlucky day is Tuesday the 13th

Laws
couponing is illegal
No one is allowed to play electronic games.
Not voting is illegal

Gesture
Dont wave with a open palm instead greet with a closed palm
When two people say the same thing together at the same time, they immediately say piase kokkino (touch red) one to another and both have to touch any red item they can find around them.


India - 

Customs
The national anthem must be played in every cinema before a film is screened and Audiences are expected to stand when the anthem is played.
Arranged marriages are very common, and marriage as a concept is taken very seriously, leading to an extremely low divorce rate.
It is considered proper to eat with your hands, and in a lot of restaurants or when you are eating with locals, cutlery may not be provided, though in most places spoons can be provided if asked for.
If you do try to eat using your fingers, make sure you only use your right hand and not your left, even if you are left-handed, as the left-hand is considered to be ‘unclean’. 
Never share cutlery or drink from someone else’s glass or take food from someone’s personal plate, as this is considered very offensive.
Sharing of food is good Indian manners, and it is common in restaurants to order a number of dishes and share them all between the members of your party.
It is considered bad manners in India to arrive on time, and good manners would be to arrive 15 to 30 minutes late.
it is common to remove your shoes as a sign or respect before entering a temple and indeed before entering into someone’s home.
The work day in India typically starts at 10am, though in major cities it can be considerably earlier
Titles are important in India, and as such people should be addressed formally, i.e. title (Mr, Dr, etc.) and surname. Only use someone’s given name if they have expressly given you permission to do so.
When making small talk with Indian people, avoid touchy or taboo subjects, such as India’s poverty, the caste system, immigration and any difficult areas in international relations.
Salaries offered are likely to be up to 25% lower than what you would expect in western countries. 

Laws
Drugs are illegal in India
It’s illegal to buy, sell, kill or capture any protected wild animal or trade its parts without a licence.
During major religious festivals, national holidays and elections a ban on the sale of alcohol is often imposed.
Consumption of alcohol is prohibited in Bihar, Gujarat, Kerala, Manipur, Nagaland and the union territory of Lakshadweep.
You may need prior permission from the Indian authorities to bring equipment like listening or recording devices, radio transmitters, powerful cameras or binoculars into India.
The penalties for paedophile offences are severe.
If you intend to remain in the country for more than 180 days, then you are required to register at the Foreigners’ Regional Registration Office within the first 2 weeks after your arrival,

Gesture


Macau - 

Customs
Macau's urban culture emphasizes family integrity, lineage solidarity, reserved public behavior toward the powerful, and respect for parents and elder persons (filial piety, or xiao ).


Laws

Gesture


Hong Kong - 

Customs
Face is an intangible quality that reflects a person's reputation, dignity, and prestige and taken very seriously.
If you are invited to someone's home, bring good quality sweets, fruit, flowers, or imported spirits to the hostess.
Do not give red or white flowers.
Do not give scissors, knives or other cutting utensils, as they indicate that you want to sever the relationship.
Do not give clocks, handkerchiefs or straw sandals, as they are associated with funerals and death.
Do not wrap gifts in white, blue or black paper.
Gold and red are lucky colours, so they make excellent gift wrapping.
Elaborate gift wrapping is important.
Do not give odd numbers as many are considered unlucky.
Never give a quantity of four items.
Eight is a particularly auspicious number, so giving eight of something bestows good fortune on the recipient.
A small gift for the children is always appreciated; however, do not give green hats.
Always present gifts with two hands.
Gifts are not opened when received.
Wait to be told where to sit. There is often a seating plan.
Wait for the host to tell you to start eating or for him to begin eating.
Burping is considered a compliment.
Chopsticks should be returned to the chopstick rest after every few bites and when you drink or stop to speak.
Always refuse a second serving at least once if you don't want to appear gluttonous.
Leave some food in your bowl when you have finished eating.
When you have finished eating, place your chopsticks in the chopstick rest or on the table. Do not place your chopsticks across the top of your bowl.
The host offers the first toast. You may reciprocate later in the meal.
Although businesspeople in Hong Kong do not require long-standing personal relationships to do business, many businesses are family- owned, so personal relationships are an integral part of the enterprise.
Do not be surprised if you are asked questions that might be considered extremely personal in your home country.
If someone sucks air through his/her teeth while you are speaking, it means that they are unhappy with what you have just said. If at all possible, try to re-state your position or modify your request, since you have made the other person extremely unhappy.
Avoid trying to schedule meetings during Chinese New Year (late January or early February) as many businesses close for a week during that time.
Business cards are exchanged after the initial introductions.
Have one side of your business card translated into Chinese, with the Chinese characters printed in gold, since it is an auspicious color.
Business cards are exchanged using both hands.
Hand your card so the typeface faces the recipient.
Examine business cards carefully before putting them in a business card case.
It is important to treat business cards with respect - never write on someone's card unless directed to do so.
Your own business cards should be maintained in pristine condition.
Make certain your business card includes your job title. This helps your Hong Kong business colleagues understand where you fit in your company's hierarchy.
Hong Kong Chinese are very superstitious; mentioning failure, poverty or death offends them.

Laws
It is illegal to give a civil servant a gift.

Gesture
The handshake is commonly used when greeting westerners.
The Hong Kong Chinese handshake is rather light.
During the greeting, many Hong Kong Chinese lower their eyes as a sign of respect.
There is no need for you to emulate this gesture, although prolonged eye contact should be avoided during the greeting.
If you are at a large function, you may introduce yourself to other guests.
At smaller functions, it is polite to wait for your host or hostess to introduce you.
The Chinese traditionally have 3 names: The surname, or family name is first and is followed by two personal names. The first personal name is their father's name and the second personal name is their own name.
Address the person by an honorific title and their surname.
If they want to move to a first name basis, they will advise you which name to use.
Some Chinese adopt more western names and may ask you to call them by that name.
Hong Kong Chinese may stand close when talking, however, they are reserved and uncomfortable with body contact. Do not hug, kiss or pat people on the back.
Winking at someone is considered a very rude gesture.
Request your bill by making a writing motion with your hand.
To beckon someone, extend your arm, palm down, and make a scratching motion with your fingers.
Never point with your index finger. This is used only for animals. Point with your hand open.


China - 

Customs
Chinese women generally do not drink alcohol. However, it is acceptable for Western women to drink alcohol in moderation.
In China, there is a common tradition - giving of presents. When the Chinese come on a visit, they usually give some wine, tea or candy do not to give an odd number of presents, as odd numbers are considered unlucky in China. You should not give presents in number of 4 or in black-and-white color, which are considered as symbols of death in China.
The Chinese should not be presented with clocks as They also symbolize death and funerals.

Laws
do not stop at pedestrian crossings
do not store explosives in thy basement
do not eat another man’s wife… intentionally
do not date your colleague
do not name your children strangely
do not bind your daughter’s feet
do salute passing cars
You Need A Ticket To Go To The Doctor
No One Owns The Land They Live On
Pornography Is Absolutely Forbidden
Grown children must visit their parents.
State employees must visit an ancient village.
Until recently, families with more than one child were fined.
Where you were born will determine where you can live.
You can’t view any salacious content online.
Geese are allowed to function as police officers.
To go to college you must be intelligent.

Gesture


Japan - 

Customs
No Tipping
don’t blow your nose in public
try to avoid eating while on the go
Don’t speak on your cell phone in crowded public areas like trains or buses. 
The fear of crime in Japan is high, especially among Japanese citizens.
Murders happen. People are attacked, robbed, assaulted, raped, beaten, and swindled.
Bonenkai are Japanese office parties held in December. The term literally means "forget the year party." Most companies hold at least one. In many cases they are held at the company, department and team levels. 
It's customary to express your frustration with the result of a sumo match by throwing your zabuton pillow.
On Setsubun, parents throughout Japan put on an oni mask and try to scare their kids. The kids in turn throw roasted soybeans to scare the demon away.
many families enjoy making mochi the traditional way for special occasions such as New Years.
Ehomaki are a Setsubun tradition that involves eating an entire uncut roll of sushi while facing a lucky direction that changes each year.
Eating ehomaki is an auspicious activity that's done in complete silence.
It's remarkably popular to eat KFC on Christmas Eve. 
Sumo wrestlers purify the ring when they enter by tossing salt up in the air. 
Bowing is an important tradition in Japan that applies to a wide variety of situations from sports to weddings. They vary from slight bows when greeting a friend to a rare deep kowtow for a profound apology.
One old tradition amongst couples is to write a message on a lock and leave it at a romantic spot.
seiza is a traditional way to sit on Japanese tatami floors. It's considered the appropriate way to sit at formal occasions such as rituals at a Shinto Shrine. 
Auspicious items sold by shrines are often decorated with the Japanese zodiac symbol of the current year and it's thought to be bad luck to hold on to them after the year ends.
Hatsuhi, literally "first sun", is the Japanese tradition of waking up to see the first sunrise of the year on New Year's Day.
Fundoshi are traditional Japanese loincloths that were historically worn as men's underwear and as outwear by laborers and rickshaw drivers. Today they are commonly worn to festivals. They are also famously worn by sumo wrestlers.
Yukata are inexpensive traditional cotton robes that are widely worn to summer matsuri in Japan. 
Irasshaimase is the traditional way to welcome customers in Japan that's essentially an ultra-polite way to say "please come in." It's said by staff in Japan when they first see a customer.
As a customer, there's no need to reply to irasshaimase.
Tori-no-ichi, literally "Rooster Rake", is the Japanese business custom of buying a bamboo rake decorated with lucky symbols at the end of the year.
It's customary to reserve a spot for events in Japan such as festivals, fireworks and hanami with plastic mats, that often happen to be blue. This convention is strictly respected and once a mat is placed, the spot is yours. 
Yuzu fruits are added to home baths and onsen around December 21st each year to mark the winter solstice. 
Hina Nagashi, or Doll Floating, is an increasingly rare ceremony in Japan that floats traditional Japanese dolls out to sea or down a river.
Koinobori are carp-shaped wind socks that are used to celebrate Children's Day in Japan.Millions of Koinobori are put up all over Japan around the time of Golden Week beginning in late April. They are traditionally placed by rivers and in front of the homes of families with children.
Fukubukuro, literally "lucky bag", is a Japanese shopping tradition of offering mystery bags of heavily discounted items at New Years. 
Kampai is the Japanese word for cheers before drinking. It can literally be translated "dry glass" and has the same meaning as "bottoms up." Kampai is taken seriously in Japan and it's considered rude to start drinking before everyone has a drink for cheers.
It's considered classy for everyone to order the same drink for the first round in the spirit of comradeship.
It is strictly stand left pass right on Tokyo escalators. Due to the Japanese tradition of having two opposite standards for everything, Osaka is stand right pass left.

Laws
Tattoos in Japan have a historical association with organised crime, and while attitudes towards them are increasingly accepting, many public swimming pools, hot springs, beaches, and some gyms do not admit anyone with tattoos.
You must carry your passport or residence card at all times. A new residence card system was introduced in July 2012. Information can be found on the Japanese immigration website
The use or possession of some common prescription and over-the-counter medicines are banned under Japan’s strictly enforced anti-stimulant drugs law.
Japan has a zero tolerance towards drug crime and there are severe penalties for all drug offences. 
Smoking is allowed in most restaurants and bars, but not everywhere outdoors.
You can be fined for not reporting an explosive to the police – when the law was written, the fine was a grand total of ¥10,000.
Women (note: not men) who get divorced must wait six months before marrying again. If you give birth to a child during these six months, that child is legally your ex-husband’s.
If a child is born to a foreign mother out of wedlock, the father must officially ‘recognise’ the child while it’s still in the womb for it to become a Japanese citizen. Otherwise, the father has to ‘recognise’ the child before he or she reaches the age of 20.
If you discover life in outer space, including the moon, that may be hazardous to public health, you are required to immediately report it to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, as well as to the international scientific community. 
It is forbidden to damage or throw away money (if you do, you could be fined up to ¥200,000 or spend a year in prison) – so no coin pendants for you.
If you die in a duel, the national insurance companies (health/life insurance etc) won’t pay out to your next of kin.
You need to obtain a licence or certificate before being able to handle fugu (pufferfish). The emperor is also banned from eating it, just in case he gets a poisonous bit. The rest of the imperial family can, however.
Those engaged in campaigning for an election can be reimbursed up to ¥12,000 for hotel stays, ¥3,000 for food and ¥500 for snacks per day.
You can’t brew alcohol stronger than one percent at home.
Marriage will be invalidated if you married the wrong person.
No Jaywalking
No Littering



Gesture
If you’re with a dinner party and receive drinks, wait before raising the glass to your lips. Everyone will be served, and someone will take the lead, make a speech, raise his drink, and yell “kampai!” 
You will receive a small wet cloth at most Japanese restaurants. Use this to wash your hands before eating, then carefully fold it and set it aside on the table. Do not use it as a napkin, or to touch any part of your face.
Just before digging in, whether it be a seven-course dinner or a sample at a supermarket, it’s polite to say “itadakimasu” (I will receive).
Never wear slippers when you need to step onto a tatami mat


Singapore - 

Customs

Laws
Chewing gum is banned in Singapore
Annoying someone with a musical instrument in a public place
Flying a kite that interferes with public traffic
If you’re caught singing or uttering songs that have either obscene lyrics or obscene “ballads” in any public place, you’ll face a punishment of imprisonment for up to three months, a fine, or both.
spitting can get you a fine of up to $1,000. 
Distribution of "obscene" materials 
Connecting to another user's Wi-Fi can be fined a whopping $10,000, up to three years in jail, or both.
Forgetting to flush the toilet you're looking at a fine of around $150. 
Wandering around your house nude with any open curtains can land you a fine of $2,000, imprisonment for three months, or both.
feeding the birds here will cost you $500.
Urinating in a public elevator 
Littering
In Singapore, vandalism can get you both arrested and caned.
Penalties for drug possession in Singapore range from fines as high as $20,000 to 10 years in prison. In certain cases, if the amount of the drug is high enough, the punishment can even be a death penalty. 
The punishment for gay sex in Singapore is a two-year jail term.
In Singapore, jaywalking is defined as crossing the road within 50 meters (164 feet) of a crossing zone. Jaywalkers can receive a $20 fine on the spot, a fine of up to $1,000, or three months of jail time. The punishment doubles to a fine of up to $2,000 and six months in jail if you’re caught jaywalking twice.
Drunk and disorderly conduct is a serious crime in Singapore.
You can’t bring vaporisers, like e-cigarettes, e-pipes, e-cigars, and refills into the country. These items are likely to be confiscated, and you could be fined or sent to prison.
Penalties for overstaying your visa include fines, imprisonment, corporal punishment (caning) and deportation depending on the length of overstay.

Gesture


Indonesia - 

Customs
You should respect local traditions, customs, laws and religions at all times and be aware of your actions to ensure that they do not offend other cultures or religious beliefs, especially during the holy month of Ramadan or if you intend to visit religious areas.
You should be aware of offending Islamic sensitivities. 
Police often raid venues (particularly in Bali) known to be frequented by foreigners.
During Balinese New Year, known as Nyepi, local custom requires that all people in Bali observe a day of silence by staying indoors, turning off lights, and making no noise. 
if you are going to a temple, it’s often customary to cover yourself with something like a sarong.
if you’re visiting destinations like Gili Trawangan, note that it’s disrespectful for women to show off too much skin, especially when walking around the village.
Drink a lot of water to avoid getting heatstroke… just don’t get your water from the tap.

Laws
Do not get involved with illegal drugs.
Gambling is illegal in Indonesia.
You must show evidence of your identity if it is requested by, for example, the Police. 
It’s illegal to buy, sell, kill or capture any protected wild animal or trade its parts without a license. 
A “smoke-free” bylaw went into effect across Bali in 2011; smoking is now forbidden in most public areas, including restaurants, hotels, temples, and tourist attractions.
A section of Bali’s beach stretching from Kuta to Canggu is known to have rip tides and undertows. When the local authorities raise red flags on a beach, do not attempt to swim there.

Gesture


Malaysia - 

Customs
Islamic tradition suffuses the dress code for locals, Muslim or otherwise, and dictates that both men and women should keep torsos covered; shirt sleeves, if short, should come down to the elbow (for women, long-sleeved tops are preferable), while shorts or skirts should extend down to the knee (long trousers are ideal). Figure-hugging clothes are often frowned upon, particularly for women.
The soles of shoes are considered unclean, having been in contact with the dirt of the street. Thus before entering any home (Muslim or otherwise), it’s almost universal practice to remove footwear at the threshold or before stepping onto any carpeted or matted area.
In a situation where you need to make a complaint, the most effective approach is not to raise your voice but to go out of your way to be reasonable while stating your case.

Laws
If you are a Muslim you may be subject to local Shari’a law.
Trafficking incurs a mandatory death penalty.
Possession incurs a custodial sentence and possible whipping.
You could be asked to take a urine test on arrival in Malaysia if you are suspected of having used drugs before your visit. 
Importing unlicensed firearms and ammunition into Malaysia is prohibited and can carry the death penalty.
Homosexual acts are illegal in Malaysia and punishable under federal law, and in some states, shari’a law. You should avoid any behaviour which could attract unwanted attention, including public displays of affection. 


Gesture


South Korea - 

Customs
avoid embarrassment of yourself or of others. 
if you dress in a brazen way and the circles you are moving in are not dressing in the same way it will be frowned upon.
It is a custom to take off your shoes in houses and in many traditional Korean restaurants so make sure you are aware of this convention.
Swastikas are commonly seen in Buddhist temples. This is a religious symbol to the Koreans and does not represent Nazism or anti-Semitism.
Koreans in general have strong nationalistic views and as with most countries it is advisable not to bring up any historical events make negative comments about anything culturally in Korea.
When dining with Koreans, the oldest always eats first. 
Remember never to pour your own drink, but do pour for others.
if you notice the slurping of noodles this is actually expected. It shows that you enjoy the food and you are appreciating the cooking.
Money if given as a gift is placed in paper or an envelope.
if you are out dining and giving tips in restaurants, it is polite to place the money inside the folded bill and hand it into the waiter’s hands quietly, rather than leaving it on the table as you may do elsewhere.
When addressing a Korean, use his/her title along with her/his family name unless you’ve been invited to do otherwise. If there is no title, use Mr/Mrs/Miss with the family name.
The decision making process in Korea is done collectively and therefore may take more time than you may be used to. You will need to be patient.

Laws

Gesture
It is common that when meeting a Korean business person initially you will be introduced by somebody rather than introducing yourself.

Thailand - 

Customs
It is actually considered rude to rip the present open there and then in front of the giver. A Thai person is more likely to wait until you have left to open the gift. This is part of  the “grengjai” custom
Overnight visitors to a Thai home were requested to ask permission from the phra phum (spirit ghost of the land) to stay in the house. The visitor would then be asked to thank the ghost when they left.
Raising your voice is unacceptable in Thailand and considered an act of losing control.
Shoes must be taken off upon entering someone’s home. Even if you get a “mai pen rai” (no problem/it’s okay), still take them off.
Don't touch anyone on the head unless you want trouble. 
If you need to point (indicate) someone out, instead of extending your finger, bend your hand downwards with your fingers leaning toward the floor and your palm facing upward.
In Thailand the inviter pays for the meal. In cases where it is unclear who the inviter was, the superior will usually pay.
Ducking Down When Walking Between Two People It is a polite gesture of respect to acknowledge the interruption. The same applies if you walk past a person and block out their vision for a split second.





Laws
It’s illegal to leave the house without your underwear on.
It’s a crime to step on any Thai currency.
It’s a punishable offence to throw (used) chewing gum on the pavement.
You mustn’t drive a car shirtless.
It’s a criminal offence to be critical of the king or other members of the Thai royal family. 
You need to carry your passport with you at all times.
You need a permit to take certain items out of the country.



Gesture
The wai, or pressing your palms together at chest or nose level and bowing your head slightly, is a gesture that you will encounter almost immediately upon arrival in Thailand. An integral part of Thai etiquette, it denotes respect (or reverence when performed in front of a Buddha image), and can be used to express a hello, thank you, or goodbye.
Most buildings boast spirit houses or altars, where offerings of food and garlands are made to appease the spirits inhabiting the land. Avoid touching such displays as some Thais can be highly superstitious, fearing disruption of harmonious balance.





























